was one of your resolutions this year to
order less takeout hellofresh sends
everything you need to get dinner on the
table no meal planning all deliciousness
get 16 free meals plus three gifts with
code face 16 at hellofresh.com
16.
[Music]
i had a realization earlier today it has
only been confirmed further by today
okay i had i was thinking about it it's
laying down i woke up this morning i
thought you know what this is a weird
thing to wake up to can i ask you a
question yeah you said you were thinking
about that you were laying down are you
still in bed at this point or have you
started your day and then gone back to
bed no no it was when i woke up it was
when i when i first woke up okay through
the through the slats of this
through no i fixed the bed okay
i have actually a thing related to that
to talk about today but fix the bed
waking up thinking about recording very
excited and then i thought about gavin
and and that you always show up on time
i think gavin hates pleasantries yeah i
think there's there's nobody that hates
pleasantries more than gavin and i don't
think you realize how much joy you're
missing in your life by opting out of
pleasantries in what it seems to be
every scenario name a memorable
pleasantry experience i literally just
today talked i spent 15 minutes talking
with nick maybe not 15 like five talking
with nick about things i never knew
about him that was super interesting
about pleasantries that's the
conversation no it's what's the truth
that's pleasant hey how's it going there
you go no gavin pleasantries is before
we record me being able to say to you
how's your day going and just having a
little bit of a talk instead of you
showing up and immediately recording
there's no i would say that the
pleasantries led in to a genuine
conversation
which is what's great about pleasantries
you don't you're talking about a thing
you don't know pleasantry it's true
about that uh pleasantries can lead into
a world of entertainment including an
inspiring conversation that's the beauty
of the pleasantry i also experienced a
wonderful conversation of pleasantries
this morning uh talking to jeff yetter
and alan and a bunch of people from work
while i was waiting for an executive
meeting to start
i'm laser focused with andrew on this
one i think you need to
adopt like i don't know if you had a bad
pleasantry experience i don't know where
this started for you i don't know
you had unpleasant trees
okay i know i've known both of you for
many years and we've had
many many pleasantries
no no we haven't i haven't had a single
pleasantry with you on this show [__]
not a single one
no that is insane for you to think that
halo is pleasantries is it no that's
ridiculous that's just a social outing
pleasantries is the thing before you do
the thing it was that's before we play
the game i think andrew's right god i
hate to pile on gavin but i gotta think
andrew's right i would go even further
and i would say that i in my experience
because i i i recently i think last
weekend i caught a game a couple games
of halo with you guys and my friend
trevor and i quickly was reminded that
i'm incapable of having any level of
conversation with either of you without
it turning into a podcast or content
really
yeah
that's odd within two minutes i was in
podcast mode so i don't think
pleasantries are possible because uh the
second our mouths open in my estimation
it turns into content well okay i might
be
maybe i just don't know
where the line is drawn at palestry so
for example andrew why don't you have
some pleasantries with me right now
i can't have pleasantries you can't have
pleasantries while we're pleasantries
are not for recording pleasantries are
like a little hey how's it going how's
your day it's a warm-up imagine we
weren't recording imagine we were
recording okay
you can't force pleasantries all right i
think
i think that's a little extreme andrew i
think you can play pretend no
no because you're the king
yes and andrew yes and i disagree
strongly because if we do pleasantry
thing we're gonna fall right into his
hand jeff and it's gonna be boring as
[__] and it's not gonna work at all and
we're gonna just feel anxious that we're
eating up showtime
[__] pleasure
with episode 87 of
face i'm gavin that's jeff and you're
untrue andrew that's very high energy
skip the pleasantries
next week
next week 10 minutes show up 10 minutes
early try the plus just try it
deliberately stay after we record every
week jeff has to piss off the second we
stop i stay
for end pleasantries every week but
nobody needs the unpleasant trees oh you
don't want my pleasantries at the end no
they're great i don't have to leave i
leave to get away from having
pleasantries at the end i thought you
have to like frequently get millie from
stuff yeah a lot of times i do a lot of
times i'm racing to get milly but a lot
of but other times i just am done
talking to you guys
that's fair
i i understand that completely yeah this
is completely gonna be around me for
more than an hour no i i had to live
with you off and on for a decade i've
had a lot of you oh i wasn't so bad
surely he threw a stick at you i'm
saying you're pretty bad delivered based
off of that dude it was one of the it
was one of the great joys of my life was
every opportunity
and i say that without hyperbole or full
of hyperbole
a full stix worth of hyperbole jeff you
once told me i was you you just out of
nowhere said
you're very easy to live with and i
thought you were taking the piss i
thought you were going to be like
here's a list of annoying [__] that i do
but it was like a genuine comment i was
like damn wow thanks
i'm going to tell you something right
now yeah i do i'm going to tell you
something about you right now and
you are
easy
to everything with in my experience and
i mean that is a tremendous compliment
you are easy to travel with you are easy
to live with you are easy to to commute
with you're easy to play video games
with you're easy to be have a lifelong
friendship with you're easy to do all of
the one area you are not easy to blank
with is schedule you are impossible this
is what i tell people all the time
everyone's like oh you know
your reputation and i'm telling you if i
had one job i would be
i think i would genuinely be a nice
person to interact with
but unfortunately i've got a lot going
on all the time yes i don't i don't mean
it in that like you're a piece of [__]
and you're hard to nail down i mean that
you're a busy lad and you've got you've
got a million fingers and a million pies
and you're constantly in motion and it's
just hard to it's just hard to nail you
down a lot
i'll take that that's a nice compliment
yeah i would say that was very pleasant
um that was quite that was quite a lot
of pleasantries that just occurred
no
conversation
yeah show up 10 minutes early you'll get
it
it's like a secret door you gotta like
run through the thing and hogwarts
the last time you frickin made it the
last time i showed up 10 minutes early
you shout on me for being early for 10
minutes
that's true that's my fault and i've
only further decreased your interest in
pleasantries i'll learn that i apologize
but i didn't have the perspective i have
now i realize you don't get it you don't
there's a whole world of pleasantries
you're missing you would have loved to
hear the things i heard of the
pleasantries before this show what what
do you miss
well it's not mine to share it's not my
information so i'm not gonna say it but
it was it was a great conversation
you missed out on it but you did mention
jeff that we played halo recently all of
us yeah and you're like you immediately
went into podcast mode and i was like
really that's that's interesting and
then and i realized i have a block of
content for the show based off from that
halo session yeah i i learned yeah
because we were it was content i learned
something that i i didn't realize that
kevin seems very sensitive about there
is there's an accusation
uh some some may even say a mystery of
sorts it's not an accusation or a
mystery when gavin provides the proof of
his own
one of you would like to get why don't
you explain because i feel like you're
you're the center of this
explain the uh 13 years of [__] i've
been listening to
yes
please uh back back in the day
halo 3 came out it had 1 000 game of
score as many games did and it was sort
of uh among the
sort of pre-achievement hunter but among
the same people we were very excited to
be the first person to complete the
entire game's achievements but it was
very easy in matchmaking to fake some of
the multiplayer achievements you just
had to convince the lobby to like hey
two people stand together and i'll laser
through you because if you get two kills
with a laser that's an achievement but
we were i feel like we were all going
for purity it was sort of me it was jeff
it's bernie at the time
and i feel like
we were dead set on getting them legit
wouldn't you agree jeff yeah
a hundred percent and uh uh
that's what makes this so painful yeah
the the final two achievements i was
after stepping razor triple kill with
the sword in matchmaking pretty
difficult at the time i felt like and an
overkill which um in
free-for-all at the time meant killing
everyone else in the game because the
free-for-all matches were five people
you had to kill everyone within what
like three or four seconds of each other
i got them all perfectly legitimately
very proud of it you can tell from the
timestamps of the achievements they're
quite far apart
and uh to this very day neither bernie
nor jeff believe me that my overkill was
legitimate so first off let me uh let me
hop in here and say that uh
this was not and gavin is not uh
overselling how difficult this
achievement was to get uh there have
been very few times i've played video
games where i was angry enough to
physically smash a controller to the
point it doesn't work anymore i lost two
controllers in the service of this
achievement it took me about 45 days
after gavin got his i remember because i
got madder and madder the further away
we got because especially after i
realized that he had cheated
and uh and i was still trying to get my
legitimately and then and then that
[__] bungie on top of that did an
extra [__] you to me
uh i i eventually about 45 days later i
got it uh it was one of the greater
moments of my life it was on my third
controller
uh and uh and i was done i was so happy
less than like a month later
they upped that game mode to have six
people in it and it became
instantly easier to get it yeah way way
way way way easier to get i think i had
to get in a rat's nest if memory serves
i can't i can't remember all the map
names but uh but the point is uh it was
very very hard to get and i think part
of the reason why it's so frustrating to
me and i know it was so frustrating to
bernie is how hard it was for us to do
it legitimately for you to just stand
three people in a row and kill them
um i was very happy to provide video
evidence of my achievements because at
the time this is before achievement
hunter existed at the time i'd still
saved the clips in theater mode of all
of the moments i got those achievements
so i thought i can just go back to these
clips now that achievement hunter exists
and make a little achievement guide for
achievements that i've already got i've
got all the clips i've got step and
razor i've got the two for one laser
i've got overkill i put it up as a video
and all i got was utter [__] for both of
these people when's the last time you
watched this jeff
the video uh i probably haven't seen it
in 10 years i don't know okay why i just
clip or if you it is found in it no no
this is the real question
tell me your feelings on this as you
watch this video
you mean that that guy that he just hit
twice who refused to look at him are you
already on the overcoat
a little bit yeah i already i already
watched it uh i can't play a little
while ago i still see uh definitely see
you cheating to get this achievement
this is a video from october 5th 2008
which is i assume when i uploaded it um
and the first guy i'll admit in my
overkill the first guy just doesn't
damage me too he does i don't know if he
didn't see me or he's just walking
backwards but i had the hammer and it
was a
i probably still got the entire game as
a theater mode file i give you the th i
think
maybe the third kill is legitimate
[Laughter]
what do you mean
i the rest of them are definitely not
it's definitely it's okay man and
everybody was doing it why would i give
you the video if i cheated
i who why would you cheat i mean he
already saw it i don't know why that
would change anything based off of his
his previous opinion but i i had never
heard of this conflict this was all new
to me and it was clear gavin was
passionate about it
and jeff has talked about wanting to do
a mystery show of some kind
right do we solve a crime
what better crime and or mystery to
potentially try to solve than gavin's
overkill issue so i went deep i did some
research oh and digging
now
now the problem is
the video quality is 240p
so when i i started to do my research
this is there's a moment in which gavin
shows a screen of players trying to
decipher that
not easy it's completely blurred you
can't really make out anybody's names
are you gonna try and like contact these
people
oh feel free son and now and gavin's
this is what helps gavin is in like
february last year bungie got rid of all
of their old stats that they used to
have for halo on their website so
there's no
immediately accessible paper trail to
this it's just impossible however
gavin thankfully as he mentioned he
recorded these as clips and then put
them on his file share so a clean
version of all these exist on halo 3 but
you need to be in halo 3 to get it and
halo 3 servers went down i think
yesterday
it was the whole thing so like once
again the timing of this very convenient
for you gavin but i hopped on i hopped
on twitter and i was like hey does
anyone happen to have a copy of halo 3
and and somebody was [__] kind enough
to do it they pulled out
a copy of halo 3. they even
[__] um had to pull out a 360. they
had like four console updates they had
to go through matt king was the the kind
enough person to be
thank you matt kang for doing this
detective work for us so he booted up
his 316. he got everything i needed so
these were are the screenshots i got
from matt king
of all the different player names in the
lobby
that gavin interacted with much clearer
i can do research so i went on i went on
to investigate wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait you don't need to investigate
any further you just need to free cam
that clip what do you mean well are you
saying you pulled the theater the mode
clip no he did
i don't yeah so he could just he could
have just uh free cammed the
map and watched everyone else fight
without me well that already exists
there are moments of that but that
doesn't necessarily i mean that's a
great argument against it being
legitimate there's moments within the
clip itself in which there is a fight
unrelated to gavin before he has the
hand right
uh i what was great is i didn't intend
for this to [__] with gavin gavin got
this achievement on the 18th of october
2007.
and so i randomly last night texted
gavin what were you doing the night of
eight on the 18th of october 2007. and
he was very confused in a way that he
felt like it felt like you thought i was
[__] with you i said i don't know but
the day before i went bowling
yeah he went
confirmation on bowling and he had a
photo of a pen up his nose from three
days later so a definite criminal yeah
do you have anybody to post it
uh i don't have it immediately on hand
uh but if if i could anyway
i looked into these people i have a
question for you so
were you in england at the time yeah
kevin
that makes sense because one of the
people i looked up raycon 79
uh their this is their their profile
their bio maybe you can make sense of it
to me i know i don't understand or maybe
we'll edit out this is what his bio was
if you ma'am's a arsenal fan if your
mam's a arsenal fan then she should go
to hat free market and buy a bag of
cypress spuds
like all that confirmed to me is that
they were also an english there was one
of my people right there that's one of
your is that an insult i don't know i
didn't know is that pro arsenal or
anti-arsenal i don't know
what are what are the spuds is there
significance to cyprus spuds gavin you
don't know what a spud is no i know what
a spot is i know
but what is a cypress bud
that's a very specific budget bro no
okay so that's just
don't british people retire to cyprus a
lot isn't that like a big retirement
yeah it's popular
location hmm
so
that's the picture
two days after miami
that's not the face of a chia
so i looked in all these people sadly
and i because i'd love for this to be
like undeniable gavin is guilty sadly
most of these people
no i'd rather be guilty i think it'd be
funnier if i was able to me too uh but
all of these people
none of them got the achievement they
didn't get in on that day and they never
got it at all we can now belittle
we can belittle gavin's achievement
though because most of them have only
played halo for like one day these are
all people that had no idea what they
were doing that explains the behavior in
the game i got lucky
what what what what it explains to me is
gavin said hey i'm having he messaged
some people because he was you know
a member of the roosties community at
this point there were a lot of people
out there we were
they were a lot we were amongst a lot of
gamers of our ilk i think he made
probably turned a couple people said hey
would you guys want to hop on and help
me get this achievement real fast all
you guys got to do is just let me kill
you once with this hammer real quick and
then just go we'll just have fun playing
halo together
i don't i don't think that's likely i
think it's it's more like i think it's
very likely
no android you've done tremendous work
here well i'm not there i'm not quite so
the good news as i said bungie got rid
of all their stats there's a community
initiative going on where they've pulled
all the data from that and they're
working on uploading it as like an
independent thing
and it sounded like that might be
available by like the end of this month
so i'm hoping to have the game locks
because i was able to look into all
these people however the most damaging
thing about this is by far the most
suspicious of the kills is soul leader
your first one where he looks at you and
then just does nothing and turns back
the other way yeah he he does not exist
on xbox i don't know who this person is
i reached out to major nelson on twitter
about it no reply wasn't able to get
clarification for a question i had
that's okay busy man but he doesn't
exist and that's really like if you
wanted anyone to clear your name it is
soul leader
but the one account that is soul leader
on xbox has only played fantasy star
online so it's a different account so
either soul eater was suspended or i
think more likely they changed their
game could be cheating
can't rule that out that's why i was
trying to get in contact with major
nelson to find the backstory of soul
leader i also love that in the photo
soul eater you can see the guy's
reflection but like you can't make an id
it adds to the mystery of whose soul
leader is i spent so much time trying to
track that guy down i do think that that
first kill is pretty suspect also the
last kill when gavin swings the sword or
swings the hammer at the guy the guy
looks at gavin and then looks to the
left and then lets gavin kill him again
is pretty [__] suspect there's some
definite i'm watching this thing again
the first guy uh
okay
there's a fight going on there's no way
this would be yeah smack okay uh
i'm in a bubble oh so this isn't the
spree i'm i've put a bit of head on this
apparently there is a little bit of head
on yeah that guy is just not doing
anything no he's useless like he he
doesn't it's the most suspicious as i
said of all them well gavin only needed
him to have that account for one day so
that is true most of the accounts feel
like they only existed for one day uh
the only one that had any history on it
was the the man's an arsenal fan guy i
messaged several people on his friends
list if they had any memory of them and
i didn't get a reply back from anybody i
tried i did a thorough investigation
or at least as thorough as i could get i
think there's a really really good
chance that uh at least a couple of
these accounts are gavin you think so
you think yeah
david had a ton of accounts back in the
day he had a big thing about like
tricking people into changing their
gamer tags he's he's he was hyper
obsessed with gamer tags and accounts
back then
a british account two game attacks well
that you cop up to
yeah that's true you acknowledge as
yours of course that you've said are
yours
i will say this the the uh person that
helped on twitter pulled this all
together they thought you were
undeniably guilty of staging oh my god
freaking fire around the map dude fly
around everyone's fired
they felt very strongly so i know i
think it could be interesting the people
can watch it is in a video that i linked
um i'm sure there will be some way maybe
you should just read it's on the site
too but it's not the video quality isn't
any different it's halo 3
overkill step and razor two for one
mongoose mowdown guide rooster teeth you
can find what happened to that file by
the way 240p how did i capture it so low
i don't know it's not like hd wasn't
already around that must have been
captured in at least 720 i would say so
there you have it face and there you
have it audience uh this is our first
and then nick if you could cut in some
like law and order or mystery type music
right here
first mystery
face is gonna solve the mystery
hopefully with the help of the uh with
the comment levers and the regulation
listeners is gavin the cheat that we all
suspect he is let's get to the bottom of
it
okay now we have our 2022 mystery this
is our first true crime
this is a yeah this is our first it's
not a i guess the the mur that it'd be
the murder of gavin's uh uh honesty and
character okay yes
i would say
not guilty based on my investigation but
maybe people can go out with the the
information shared and find stuff i
didn't find i fully fully condone
delving in as deep as possible to this
clip um
the truth will be clear
as clear as 240p can be yeah
you did
you did a great job andrew uh
unfortunately the results are
inconclusive you end up uh
and there's the problem uh i think
with
well i mean it's a strength and a
weakness right i think you tend to see
the the good in people uh which is a
great human quality but as an
investigator it can be can can cloud
judgment uh the person that you uh
involved that involved in it was
convinced gavin sheeted i am convinced
gavin cheated basically uh everyone
that's known gavin for most of his life
is convinced he cheated take that for
what it's worth but maybe the audience
can help uh can help us elucidate this
matter that would be great any
additional information would be awesome
i hope those things get posted at the
end of the month so i could go in and
look at specifically the stats because i
feel like that could also be a big
indicator of thanks but we need here's
what we need here's what we need you
know how we have the phenomenal
vancouver child kicker poster that that
you can put up with information about
the vancouver child kicker if you can
contact us we need a did gavin cheat
banner that people can put up like a
poster a flyer people could put up at
the coffee shops if you have information
on gavin uh whether he cheated or not
in this halo
game can you email bits at facepod.com
or whatever it is i don't even know what
our email address is i want i want a
just a billboard of the names when gavin
shows the lobby on this thing that 240p
pixely thing on a giant billboard
just can people complaining it making no
sense no context no information just the
worst billboard ever made
not enough 240p billboards out there
that's really i swear it wasn't 240p
originally i think youtube's like shut
the bed on that video
it was like the the base file as you
said i think halo 3 was 720p so i think
somehow in the transferring process
and gavin was so ahead of the game in
tech back then too that the only way
that video could be 240p if he knew that
that was the only way that he could
adequately obscure the
tags so that no further investigation
could be done
[Applause]
90 of coffee from the grocery store is
actually stale you heard that right and
eric knows this because he is a coffee
snob the coffee you know and think you
love it needs an upgrade instead of
rebuying the same old lame old let trade
coffee send you something freshly
roasted that you're literally guaranteed
to love
they had me say literally in the ad copy
so they must really mean it how do you
take your coffee are you out do you like
a full-bodied roast do you like
something light i'm a medium roast to
myself we all have our preferences and
no matter what you love to drink trade
coffee makes it easy to brew your best
cup at home they sell the freshest
roasted and ethically sourced beans from
america's best independent roasters they
ship free to you as often as you like
whole or ground i went through a phase
where i only wanted to grind my beans
and so i would get everything in hole
and then grind it myself and i'll be
honest after a while i got kind of lazy
and i've switched back to ground yeah i
wa like i don't know it's
i decided i don't have to i don't want
to do the work anymore you know that
thank god there's the ground option for
those of us who can't be bothered to
grind another being themselves so
whether you're a coffee nerd aka eric or
you just want a better daily cup jeff
trade's real coffee experts taste test
over 400 roasts and use technology to
match you to your ideal coffee based on
your preferences and brewing method
technology that's the thing of the
future take the coffee quiz to get
started trade coffee guarantees you'll
love your first bag or they'll replace
it for free trade has been featured by
the new york times wired gq those are
all magazines for you gen zers out there
who have never seen one in person and
it's delivered more than five million
bags of coffee and the subscription is
no hassle skip shipments change your
frequency or cancel at any time and for
our listeners right now trade coffee is
offering a total of twenty dollars off
your first three bags when you go to
drink trade dot com slash face to get
started take their quiz at
drinktrade.com face and start your
journey to your perfect cup that's
drinktrade.com
face for 20 off your first three bags
coffee now that's an ad read i enjoy
a lot of people didn't even make
resolutions this year and you know what
i get it but that doesn't mean you
shouldn't still find a way to shake
things up whether it's by switching up
your workout routine or going someplace
new
you know vary up the scenery vary up the
routine whatever way you challenge
yourself this new year there is no
better way to do it than with a pair of
raycon wireless earbuds in your ears
while you do it raycon wireless earbuds
are the best way to bring audio with you
on the go no matter where you're going
their everyday earbuds look feel and
sound better than ever there also is an
awareness mode for when you need to
listen to your surroundings uh so you
can take raycons with you wherever you
go and still be safe with optimized gel
tips for the perfect in-ear fit these
earbuds are so comfortable
and they will not budge they're not
falling out trust me i use them when i
ride my bike and uh you know you're
hitting bumps you're going fast up and
down by the way awareness mode very
important when you're moving in public
uh and they never they never pop out
they also offer eight hours of play time
and a 32 hour battery life
and they're priced just right you get
quality audio at half the price of other
premium audio brands it is no wonder
raycon's everyday earbuds have more than
48 000 five-star reviews and that's five
out of five that's not five out of ten
right now face listeners can get fifteen
percent off the raicon order at buy
raycon dot com slash face that's buy
raycon dot com slash face to save
fifteen percent on ray
i have one other mystery that i've been
i've been sitting on a little bit in my
personal life
so i fixed the bed is fixed i've talked
about fix before i just the box spring
arrived oh i gained a box spring i lost
a bed frame my bed frame is now broken
so you're off the slats
i'm off the slacks i've i've upgraded
from the slats
built it like it's all good it was the
night it was finished i laid down in bed
i was very comfortable
and i was just looking at the play store
and i decided i'm gonna buy this shitty
two dollar mobile game why not this
seems like a great time
so i go to buy it and they asked me to
put in my gmail password for it and i
don't remember what it is and i have it
saved on my computer but i just didn't
feel like getting up out of bed i just
laid down i was cozy so i just guessed i
was like i'm just gonna guess i've got
like
six or seven in my head that i think it
could be so i just go through the list
of those and none of them work and then
it gets to the point where it's like hey
you've run out of tries you can't you
can't try anymore
do you want to like reset your password
i don't need to reset my password
because i can easily like it's fine i
don't necessarily need this two-dollar
mobile game but i was like you know what
i don't even this is how little i feel
like getting out of bed right now i'm
just gonna reset my password and then
it's fine then i can just buy this thing
so i reset my password no problem doing
it go through the thing ask me to verify
code it sends it to my alternate email
great awesome new password
when you sign out of or change a
password on like a gmail account and you
have two-factor authentication on it
it signs you out everywhere as soon as
you do it yeah so i change my password
then i go to sign into my account and it
says okay we need to verify this is you
we have pushed an alert to your your
google pixel click yes and you're in and
nothing comes there's there's just
nothing shows up on my pixel
so i'm like okay that didn't work try
again so then it says okay we'll text
you
we'll text you at this number and then
put in the code it's my last phone
number for some reason i never changed
my phone number it's my previous phone
number and i'm like oh [__] okay we'll
try again so i click try again and it
says okay we're gonna email you a
verification code to the email you're
locked out of just put that in and then
you're all good
for some reason has just decided my
alternate email doesn't exist i have
hacked my own account i cannot get into
my gmail i lost access in my gmail
sunday night i have yet to be able to
get back in i kept trying to the point
where it said you can no longer attempt
to even recover this email but i'm in a
stage now
where i've given them alternate
information and they're like we will get
back to you after 48 hours which is a
really weird phrasing of what we'll get
back to you because it could be months
from now i don't know when i'm gonna get
my personal email back and all i wanted
to do was download a two dollar rockstar
a rock band clone it was a dumb mobile
game and i've lost everything all
because your bed was too comfy well
because my bed was too comfy and i fixed
it and i it just it [__] is crazy to
me that they will not recognize that i
have an email that isn't the fact it
keeps saying we'll send you verification
code to your email that you're trying to
get into is insane and i'm sure that
that's my fault i somehow [__] that up
at some point but just there's another
email there that you asked me for when i
changed my password why have you now
decided that that isn't valid
this has been my pain i don't know what
to do i didn't even know i don't ever
memorize my own phone number so i didn't
remember what the number was so that's
why on slack a few days ago i passed i
posted hey do any of you guys have a
number that ends with these numbers how
do you not remember your phone number so
i i do do you need it no i remembered
that on amazon
they have numbers saved with previous
addresses so it's able to find it that
way the reason why i don't remember my
phone number gavin is because my dad
took my number when i was a teenager
he was paying for my phone plan and he
was getting rid of one phone and he's
like yeah i need your number so he just
took my phone number
and i just have refused to ever learn a
number past that
ever since that point i just don't
they're i have i don't remember it's
such an annoyance wouldn't your friends
at the time text your dad by accident i
know i just i wouldn't use i never use
my phone i'm not a phone guy
nobody i interacted with would text me
use different messaging services for
that purpose
um there are no texts going on so if i
text your old number am i talking to
your dad
no a number before you never knew that
number i don't think i don't think you
were aware of that phone number so am i
texting if i text that number that you
asked that's the thing i don't know and
my hope is
is that that i don't know if that number
is even in service so it's like maybe i
should just call the number and see if
somebody's there because if i can get
the code from them then i'm totally fine
i believe i don't think there's any
other issues should i call just text
that number and say hey can you can you
just post the code you're about to get
to this number but they can ignore the
text like i don't i don't know yeah that
they can ignore that text or they could
answer it you'll never know
but if i just you'll contact anybody on
earth you would call you would try to
contact the president for an interview
if you could but you're scared to
contact the owner of your old phone just
text them right now
well it's the just the texting mechanism
is what i don't trust like i don't if
it's not act like what if it's just not
active
i'm just wasting my time and i'm mad at
this non-existing person and if it's not
active
i think i theoretically could get that
number back if i went back to the
previous company
service that's interesting
because there have been times where i've
been locked out of accounts and then
i've just copied the email i recreated
the email that didn't exist
and then i was able to get in because i
was sending it to the new email that i
made that was labeled i'm going to call
i'm going to call this let's see if this
is
i'm going to call now
yeah okay the number you were calling
unavailable please try again later that
uh uh oh
that's a phone that is
off or not in service i think
yeah unfortunate okay well no that's
actually kind of a positive because i
can then
yeah if it doesn't have a voicemail it's
it's uh it's been gone a while i think
yeah probably i'm gonna look into this
i'm gonna i'm gonna see if i can get my
old number back but that has been my
annoyance is the fact that i essentially
hacked into my own account and google is
protecting me from getting into my
account
you should try to get that number
quickly
as quickly as possible before i get it
before how can i figure out how to get
it no you would care because you'll
never you'll never get that [__] code
i guarantee you that
[Laughter]
i'm hmm
i don't know if yeah i don't know if you
want to go to war jeff
i'd find a way
retaliate
i know you would i know you would
port-a-potty's just the beginning
yeah i wouldn't mess with them that's
wave one
should i talk about the uh
absolute face i did to myself last night
in bed
oh i'm so excited dude please yeah i
just had probably the shortest duration
face the most instant face that i've
ever experienced
go on i was in bed uh trying to
watch um
not to talk about bo burnham again but i
was trying to watch his
show that just went on netflix for ages
ago
with meg and the apple tv remote is
an utter piece of [__] i don't know if
you've experienced this turd
um yeah i've had so many experiences
where like the skip ahead 10 seconds and
skip back 10 seconds on this on the time
on the on the sides just stopped working
after a while like i've i've had these
replaced before i'm at i'm at the point
where this one where i'm just like this
is so bad you so the clicks on the side
stop working so it doesn't skip back 10
seconds each time so you end up trying
to actually like manually moving the
playhead on a video around and it's just
skipping all over the place and i'm
getting annoyed i'm like this shitty
thing and meg's laughing at me because i
complain about this damn thing
constantly so she's making fun of me
that i just don't do anything about it
um and i like to do things just rat like
i like to surprise meg in quite extreme
ways sometimes for example she recently
told me um that i've been wearing a
shirt too long because it had a hole in
it and she's been staring this hole for
years so i just put my finger through it
and just tore the shirt off my body like
i hulked out of it and she thought that
was funny so i thought you know i'm
gonna i'm gonna do something about this
apple remote so in the middle of the
conversation of me complaining about
this apple remote i just out of nowhere
snapped it in half i just snapped it
right down the middle and what it felt
like was that someone threw a cup of
sand in my face
and then i just heard what sounded like
sand raining all over both of us and the
bed
turns out they're made of glass
the whole thing is glass i sho
tiny shards of glass into my eyes and
face
all over both of us
raining down on the entire bedroom at
like 11 p.m
and i'm just sat
i'm just sat there with glass in my
hair and my chest hair in my in my cup
of tea on my nightstand
i'm like wow one actual definition of
her face i shot myself in the foot
because just for a joke what an idiot
i had to strip the bed sheets
i'm hoovering up i'm hovering at this
tiny like sand glass from the entire
room i can't find a single piece of
floor that doesn't look like it's
covered in glitter
changing the sheets
we're laughing about at first then after
like you know 10 minutes we're just like
what a move right like what a
turn like winding down for the evening
uh so then i'm putting the sheets on and
putting the replacement sheets on
dragging the sheets over the bottom
corner of the bed
pushing down suddenly i just hear it and
my face hits the bed i tear the brand
new bed sheet
that's putting it on around the mattress
my face hits the bed i'm on my knees at
this point and i'm just like
i need to go to bed i don't know what's
wrong with this sort of 30 minute period
but i'm not having a good time in it
it's everything's going wrong
so those were my uh bed problems my bed
face from
last night
do you do you think do you think they
were unrelated or do you think one
related to like you connected because of
the remote
that you somehow
you what if your fingers had thousands
of tiny microscopic pieces of glass
embedded in there and now you just have
like razor hands and you ripped the
sheets with your little tiny
shark tooth gavin glass hands i honestly
had glass all over my hat
that thing
i highly
i highly recommend when you get annoyed
at that thing just put it in the bin
don't do that too
you guys uh you guys got to stay away
from your bedrooms they're dangerous
how's your bedroom been recently jeff
it's fine totally fine no problems no
issues don't even talk about it
[Laughter]
you [__] cut a hole through your bed
with your your glass hands i know that's
unbelievable
so it's a shitty remote but if you want
to turn into wolverine very cheaply
all you have to do
if you need a weapon quickly just snap
one of those puppies
you can be it's like you know how like
the joker would leave a joker card at
the scene of the crime gavin glass hands
slices a hole
in the front corner of the bed
[Laughter]
that didn't disappoint
you still seeing stuff though right
you don't have glass in your eyes like
you
you're okay it's a trade
you have no vision but you can cut
through any bed you want
[Laughter]
so that's why i text you last night uh i
just faced the [__] out of myself you
said podcast story i said yes just
changed the bedsheets you said
tomorrow's gonna be incredible
oh
and i was right what makes me so happy
is i was so cozy in bed when i got that
text i was just all comfortable
relaxed
yeah i was about 20 minutes earlier are
you scared now that if you meet bo
burnham he's just gonna die immediately
or like something horrible
what happened to him
like you seem to have this fandom for
this person but every engagement you
have with them is a negative in some way
well
this remote has not been working on many
more shows than this bo burnham show
though but i don't think they're related
what's the breaking point we're going to
find out that gavin is the carrier of a
disease that only beau burnham is
susceptible to
i mean just to be sure i'll try and
avoid him unfortunately but um yeah as
long as i can still watch his
according to his content he's had it
hard enough man he doesn't need you in
his life
oh
he's like
he's like an alien from war of the
worlds and gavin has the one thing
that he hasn't been exposed to his next
special is just called gavin can you
imagine how disappointed gab would be if
he found out that bo burnham liked the
most recent matrix movie that would
understand everything it would be
nothing more disappointing
remember the thing i said about
pleasantries never have them with bo
barnum spend as little time with him as
possible in the future look other
people's opinions on movies aren't make
or break to the relationship they really
mean nothing
you said you wouldn't cease to be my
friend if i liked that movie i strongly
i think you know
i was just trying to get you to watch
the movie
why would that make me want to watch the
movie
instead an incentive
i really didn't say that i was like i'll
think less of you as a person no you
said it would end our friendship and you
would cease to make this podcast yes you
did
you would disown anybody that thought
that that movie was great
oh well if you like that movie that's
fine i would just write it yeah that's
the i just uh i just
didn't really like it
that's not the thing a lot of people
love it a lot of people love it i can
see why they do i list when we were
playing halo
trevor brought up that he enjoyed it and
it sounded like a real tip toe enjoyed
because he knew the bear was there the
matrix bear was there and he would not
tolerate gavin would not allow him to
god the fourth matrix gavin glass hands
would be all over him if he said he
enjoyed that film
oh
i should watch it now well now that i
know that it won't enter a friendship i
i might watch it no i really i hope you
like it i hope you do i'm sad that i
didn't maybe that's our next tuxedo
watching i still haven't heard back from
the director of the tuxedo i sent him
one more email yesterday my last one i'm
hopeful but i don't i don't think we're
gonna get it i'm telling you you have
created an enemy
i don't want an enemy i want a friend
jeff i'm trying to make a friend
well you're going about it in a weird
way yeah don't insult someone and give
them your phone number that's not how
you make friends i do you know the only
movie you were lucky enough to make in
your life we made fun of it do you want
to be my friend
i i didn't i didn't that's like i
understand what you're saying when you
say it on paper it is a terrible idea
but genuinely i was hoping for a
friendship with the director of the
tuxedo and i still think it's possible i
still believe i had a movie blunder of
my own this week i was yeah i was trying
to watch um
i wanted to watch beer fest because jeff
said it had that
moment where the guy dies and then his
brother comes along and but just is that
guy sure yeah yeah i was like 80 minutes
into the movie and i was like when is
this guy gonna show up realized i
watched i was watching beer league which
is the already laying movie
live movie ralph macchio oh my god i was
like 18 minutes into that i was like
i oh [__] it was bear fest
oh dude you're 80. wow you're 80 minutes
in
very similar sounding films
yeah no that's true and they came out
around the same time too actually
yeah purely oh man
beer league is no dirty work i'll say
that oh oh yeah no it was a dirty work a
much better movie
hey did we ever talk about how
you guys probably killed betty white
ah
well i wouldn't take that one
yeah that was that's i mean maybe
considering the timing of when the
episode came out but when we actually
talked about betty white it wasn't
really anywhere near that
no it was quite a long time ago we
killed truly scrumptious no doubt about
it that was like the next day but
yeah do you think it would be
would it be a bad taste to just like
say
would that be bad
[Music]
what do you have against no i'm just you
know
what
andrew's trying to [__] kill
no guys like a national
treasure
what are you doing listen i'm not the
one with glass all over my hands right
now i'm just i'm saying i was just
bringing up the name why would you risk
it
he was the first person to survive coven
for christ's sake yeah didn't we use
this what
we i love
well stop saying his name stop saying
his name
i'm a big fan what's wrong with you
i'm a big fan of seriously of all people
you could pick you could pick like the
most beloved guy in hollywood oh i was
just saying like wouldn't that that
would be sad if that what are you doing
oh stop
why don't you keep saying it
uh okay um
well who um
it doesn't work that way if you want to
kill somebody they don't die it's only
people that you like and i love
it's great i love flop
stop saying it
uh i haven't liked his most recent films
how about that is that okay
like i didn't see a lot of them
the hologram and the kings i like i
didn't see that the circle was that what
the the
internet movie was that he was in with
with
oh boy i said another one
oh no
how do i navigate this
i mean it doesn't work intentionally so
hopefully he's safe yeah yeah no i'm
sure it's fine it's also all [__]
none of this matters so i don't know
what we're doing well that's true oh
it's obviously uh sure obviously
obviously complete [__]
but still complete but still
all that does is say something about you
are there anything that you're
supernatural about like that like you
have a routine like what's what's a
routine thing for you that like doesn't
actually make sense but
you you feel is true something that you
believe is dreaming yeah like a little
superstition yeah um
i mean i don't walk under ladders but
that's nothing to do with superstition
it's just
someone could drop something on your
head yeah when a stick has fallen from
the sky and hit you i could understand
having a general
not trust of things from above
uh i must have some i just can't think
of any really not a single
suit not that's born out of fear i do a
lot of stuff out of routine like i draw
a like a little face in the shower on
the wind like in the glass every shower
i take and i can't really shower until i
do yeah
could you recreate the shower outside of
the shower can it only be in the shower
that you feel it's just only in the
steam of a shower then i draw the little
little face i've been doing it for years
every shower i've taken hmm i don't know
why but now i have to do it because i've
been doing it you know you like you're
like it's been like
there's no ears what type of mouth
you don't look up in a shower
no you do well
it depends the if is your back facing
like if your back is then looking up is
nice yeah it's really positional it's a
position to look up
but not all scenarios speak you know
what hey
something i wanted to talk about i don't
think gavin
is aware of this
we have we have faith speaking of
celebrities we have faced our own our
own thing
our own
what we've we've predicted has come true
gavin
i know it's a terrible way of setting
that up
what is the uh [__] this is so [__]
funny to me this is so funny to me
it's very funny so
i'm sure it is you gonna say it yeah i'm
getting there just give me a minute
john cena
is making a peacekeeper podcast on on on
the rooster teeth network yeah
and it was recently reported on by
variety
uh i'm gonna variety magazine
the variety one of the the the high i'd
say the highest profile entertainment
magazine in in la in hollywood i would
say is that wrong it's definitely top
three variety in hollywood reporter
would be the they're the only games in
town
they're the top ones
so it's a mention of that this podcast
is going to be made by by rooster teeth
and in a part of it there's an extra
that says other podcasts from rooster
teeth produced from studios in la and
austin texas include
face jam
off topic black box down
red web
and the long running rooster teeth
podcast which now numbers more than 500
episode we were left off that list
we were not
really really faced ourselves there i
wonder if we should just run an ad for
face on the john cena podcast that would
can we do that that'd be great if that's
a thing we can do i i think going
forward any mention of variety nick make
sure you believe part of it yeah make
sure it's blape we're no longer we got a
censor part of their name so like right
now i'm saying lady like that doesn't
come through unbleeped no there's at
least a bleep in it any any time we also
should have bleeped all
no yeah let's bleep all of
going forward this is how they'll be
known
the star star
rioty
um
i just love the idea that this like
prestigious hollywood writer or company
whatever
they're looking at a list of things and
that they have to decide if they're
going to include face or not but the
fact that there needs to be
some level of dialogue at some stage of
this process in which
they need to either make the decision to
include a podcast named face or not at
all when they didn't which i get it
understand completely
but it's hilarious i told andrew last
night
that it or whenever we talked about it
that uh
it it was kind of a perfect virtuous
moment because i got so [__]
infuriated like furious like i was gonna
yell at people upset that we weren't in
it that we didn't get that we got uh one
of the you know which no offense to
those other podcasts they're all great
but you know we're larger than most of
them
and and we're doing very well for
ourselves uh considering uh our name and
uh in spite of our name
and then i realized
that this is why i wanted to name it
face because i wanted to face ourselves
right and the fact that i got so angry
in such a brief little window of time
because we were excluded from that
moment you actually podcast yeah i was
actually angry means that the podcast is
so successful that it means this much to
me that it made me mad which made me
happy because then i thought oh so we've
we've arrived we've made it we're
successful enough that i'm mad when we
don't get mentioned so it was like a
perfect moment where i went from anger
to bliss in a like that
just to i pause gavin let me continue
from from the the the story rooster
teeth also operates the roost podcast
network which features partners such as
the h3 podcast this might get weird with
grace held big
and memory heart philip defranco's a
conversation with and kind of funny
they name every other podcast not even
ones directly affiliated with they name
all of them and to be clear this isn't
for me at all a thing of like we deserve
to be on there that's why i'm annoyed by
it i love the idea just because of our
name alone that we have to be in those
conversations
and they have to have meetings in which
they include do we do we talk about this
yeah it's like reading that you know
we've been explicitly ignored there's no
way they could have listed us
undeniably excluded like without a doubt
maybe they're just saving it maybe
they're going to do an exclusive
face interview
an article dedicated to the podcast and
they're just saving it maybe when uh the
the director of the tuxedo directs the
child kicker movie we can get into
variety
through that
be the perfect transition hollywood
connection
right together it's funny that this name
like because the company there are
people at the company who have real jobs
and doing like you know real analytics
trying to see what's working looking at
the growth
and
faces on those like with graphs and
stuff and like projections and it's like
yeah why it's called face of course it's
not gonna be
of course it can't be huge what do you
want
let's read the name
[Laughter]
it makes me it's the best part it's i
think a fair trade of searchability
versus the hilarity of anybody having
anyone that has to deal with the name of
our show or any part of it that is
outside of it
brings me eternal happiness it makes me
laugh every time
did you see what nick typed when the
director of the tuxedo follows a
restraining order against andrew will
finally make it in the video
i will say unfortunately we wouldn't be
the first face in variety i was curious
so i looked on their thing there is one
opinion article about something bill
maher said in like 2011 in which they
quote him as saying
so it wouldn't be the first so they're
not opposed to writing that at least in
2012 they weren't and they didn't even
censor it like us classy individuals
we've done we've done the work for them
we even bleep it in our own show
[Laughter]
couldn't be classier about it
i think it's time andrew that you
reached out to uh variety and see uh see
what the hell's going on over there yeah
gotta investigate i just i'd love
war on all media
war on all media yeah we talked about
that
we did we should just write writing an
email where that is the subject line war
on all media
this name keeps delivering it does well
preventing deliveries we keep [__]
ourselves it's uh
it's kind of perfect i enjoy hearing
different takes on the name like bleep
face
some people say bleep face some say
f-face
some say the actual name of the show
hearing the different takes i always
find interesting
i i'd like to i haven't told many people
if you've recommended this podcast in
person to somebody i'd like to know what
that story is the read like the
expression read what telling somebody
you should listen to and then name of
show
am i alone no i was i was just imagining
that scenario i realized that that
prevented me from saying anything but i
was just picturing it no yeah so you
guys both you guys both [__] vanished
off the face to the point where i
thought the law had once again won i
thought i was dealing with another live
show we were here and i was getting
apologies in the moment
yeah just listening to you man you're
that interesting well i would bring i
want to bring up another podcast for a
moment gavin mentioned on the rooster
teeth podcast that somebody he knows
listen to
a really broken episode
um because it was like there were talks
about it being one of our best episodes
so they it was their first experience
with it
and you brought up so many great points
that i didn't even consider
where
the first 10 minutes of that episode is
us yelling about the law a thing that we
never talk about within the episode
itself you have had to have listened to
the previous one that any context we
never explain what that is
then it transitions into
a visual gag
yeah car stuff which you can't see
then it goes into a discussion about the
plane window
where we don't explain the original
scenario again it's also a holdover from
the week before and he was like this is
the shittiest podcast anything that's
happening
for half an hour nothing's happened what
are you talking about it's it's a mess
and i never even think about that but
it's absolutely fair our quote best
podcast is probably the worst
introductory podcast you could possibly
submit it to a friend unless you give a
cheat sheet we should make a cheat sheet
for that podcast here's what you need to
know to listen to this podcast
that's like a pop-up video style cheat
sheet that's an interesting uh also i
think that you i don't remember it was
recently i think in a podcast you i
thought perfectly nailed it when you
described this podcast as deep lore
about nothing i can't think of another
episode that better exemplifies deep
lore about nothing than what you just
described
yeah yes
it's it's great i feel like if you did
we even do it i don't think we did we no
kevin david yeah
awesome holy [__] you did an intro hey i
bet you 10 grand i've done an intro
dad wait did we
no
can someone check the tapes did we put a
put a cap to that you can't just do that
now there's no way that that's allowed
i now owe you a pencil and 10 grand
what what's on the uh what continues to
be left on the redemption docket are we
getting the marathon and the pencil this
year what's happening uh
marathon is is in the docket it is it's
like it's a thing that well honestly the
thing of the marathon i want to find a
way that i can update my progress live i
feel like that'd be the most fun way to
track that
and i haven't been able to find a device
that would do that in a way that anyone
could look at like if you could just
pull it up like a live
distance tracker can't you do the strava
app or one of those
i don't know what that is something
there's like fitness apps that you can
record yeah let's track because we like
yeah yeah we can get you
okay well if you can find me about two
bucks on a cell phone uh you're gonna
need a google account though so we'll
need to work that out first that is that
is an issue i wanna redo donkey kong
country or whatever donkey kong 64. yeah
on your list andrew the donkey kong guy
uh and now well i made a face twitch
account because you and i were gonna do
another halo thing and then you just
never you never agreed to another level
to work out oh right so it left dormant
uh so i'd probably do it on that not
andrew the donkey kong guy
what else is in the redemption
is that are those the main things well
let me let me put this to you um
you know the overkill achievement in
halo 3
yes did you cheat to get it almost
certainly like almost without a doubt
like almost undeniably i was probably
cheated yeah like without a doubt but
i'm not lying about it that's nice
neither am i
but you're one of the best gamers i know
it would be relatively soon
i was excited to get it because i'm me
and an overkill is like a once a quarter
occurrence to me i think
i'm trying to remember
because there was a time i may have
gotten that achievement twice and i
think the second time
i definitely i'll have to check i'll
check my old gamer tag to see if i got
it i think i may have got it
legitimately on that one but the second
time i definitely would have cheated hm
i'm all about efficiency when it comes
to achievements
who cares about the legitimacy of them
you guys are going to talk about
legitimacy when i carried you through
countless destiny rates where you
literally
that's a weird point we did stuff we
shot guns we uh stayed alive so you
could do a minor amount of damage yeah
yeah so you could respawn
we prevented a wipe by standing in a
corner
is true
no look i'll i'll give all of destiny to
you but halo 3 or me baby i will say we
did give gavin an opportunity to truly
redeem himself because there was like a
week when this conversation happened
that he could go into halo 3 and try to
get another overkill legitimately and as
far as i know he didn't boot it up once
i even recommended he try that yeah i
just don't have a 360 handy
you don't need one it's backwards
compatible oh
don't need one wait what was the point
of getting the 360 then uh i don't know
why he did that but he did it and i
wasn't going to argue about it but he
just decided to and i was like that's
right i appreciate his effort i
absolutely
without a doubt i'll get one i'll do it
all right
now the servers are down what yeah but i
can't get it i could get it in master
chief collection i don't know if that's
the same how's that not the same
i don't know like i'm not
it's the same i'm not saying the whole
reason it was i was impressed the time
is that the lone wolf was five
let me clarify my point before you get
mad at me further i literally don't know
if it's the same like i'm not saying it
isn't the same it's very possible it's
just like it's i don't know if it's yeah
like it's a different engine like i
don't know what the yeah i'm not sure
about the exact conversion of those
things or if it's like a different halo
engine is what i'm saying if you get it
i'd love to see it
next week i want to see an overkill from
you and hale on the map next week
i'm very good at halo
get out you're really you're good at
halo
we almost you [__] platinum one the
race the race we did was very
competitive
i thought you were gonna win honestly
i got lucky i think you say you're
platinum one like that doesn't mean
something i'm rubble four
[Laughter]
like platinum one sounds amazing to me
glass three
yeah that's behind a paywall
oh yeah yeah
well
i this seems like uh probably a place
where we should stop talking now that we
did uh we did a pretty good one there i
think that was fun oh yeah i liked it
did everybody talk about everything they
wanted to talk about
um i have a thing but it's kind of tied
to my email account so i can't actually
discuss it but is is is that why you
haven't heard back from uh
donovan
thank god i'm emailing him on my work
email oh okay oh good that would be
horrendous if it was on my personal i'd
be much more upset about losing that if
it was personal i uh i have a couple
things that they're pretty well one of
them's pretty long so we'll get into it
at some other yeah why don't we
yeah remind me to talk about the
infinity pie that's easy and then sonic
branding
uh but i will say uh
i assume you guys saw the kids eat free
unzim day picture that came out recently
yeah
which is the greatest image i've ever
seen in my entire life gavin are you
familiar with this
let me find it there so i was trying to
look into what zim day is from my
understanding
every
every home game in the 82 season was zim
day so i've been meaning to update my
calendar to make sure i have every sim
day listed so i can appropriately
celebrate how many zoom days in it yeah
how many home games are there in a
baseball season jeff
uh there'd be
so there's 82 zim days in a year how
many baseball games in a season total
double 64 164 i think yeah oh my god are
you serious here let me put yes yeah i'm
gonna put this thing play a lot of
baseball yeah they play a lot of these
imagine having a season ticket
i mean it basically starts
it starts in april and it ends in uh
like at the end of october
but you could be committing basically
every other day of the year
i like that gavin's perspective of of it
being difficult is from the fans angle
not the athlete
not that like having to physically
participate in that many games he's like
how do you have the time to go watch
these things well i mean most of the
world are the fans not the players look
at that photo gavin don simmer chicken
chicken wing in one hand
bowl of chicken wing in the other some
popcorn under the elbow
kids pointing at something shock
all the kids seem shocked by what's
happening and zimmers just couldn't be
happier
giant grin on his face they're looking
at different [__]
yeah
no they're all slightly
it's funny to think that those kids are
older than us oh my god i wonder if we
can find out who they are and what ask
what it was like to say
that's such a good idea
the next mystery to solve
i would have been seven so these kids
are probably in the 10 to 12 range right
so you could have been one of these kids
if you were in the right place i was a
little young but yeah i guess i could
have been if i'd have been a texas
rangers fan back in the day and living
in texas god i want something okay
though
i just it's disturbing that i can see
his chair but the kid
to the right of him doesn't have one
has a very like they're in heaven vibe
which is not what you want to go with
they've all died it feels like default
this is zimmer in heaven right now
eating chicken wings laughing at gavin
breaking his apple ii remote covering
himself
[Music]
that kid is pointing at the hole that
gavin just created in the bottom can you
believe he just broke his bed down too
we should make sure they're side by side
in the instagram post
i love the idea that somewhere in heaven
don zimmer is sitting on white bleachers
with a bunch of little kids eating
chicken wings and just watching gavin go
through life laughing and pointing at
every interesting thing that happens
he ordered another
record of the zimmer zip never mind
never mind it was such a good setup and
i just [__] i suck
trying to end this show no
no
i crashed the plane i went nose first i
missed the runway it's over there's no
recovering from that i yelled the wrong
name i forgot what a record was called i
rolled i've crashed several times
there's no recovery i'm just dead i'm
dead
cover that variety
all right
oh
i don't know i just made the war on
media i'm mad at them our guy just you
just die you just died on air
comedy just died that bit just died on
air i feel like it should get some media
coverage
between that and trying for five
straight minutes to kill
all right
like and subscribe wait we're not done i
just stopped recording
what what do you mean we're not done
no we're done yeah we're done now
hey there it's minor league fan jack
here with a look at next week's episode
of face the boys head to bojangles
coliseum andrew loves happy meals the
guys discuss meal hacks the knob versus
handle discussion returns and once again
andrew does not eat the pencil
all that and more on next week's episode
of face
you